- Woke up from Jack making noise around 6:45 but it was right before my alarm was gonna go off anyways so I just took care of some game stuff and then got the kids up. So hungry for some reason. Meant to get food as soon as they left but instead just sat in bed watching a little anime and doing a bit of research. 
  
  After a bit Ed came in and got ready to head out. He was gonna head to the book store to pick up a new journal and then go to Walmart to pick up his scripts. Was a bit sad he didn't invite me but I think he just wanted some time to himself. I just get maybe a bit jealous cause it feels like it's always someone else who gets to go out with him. It used to be Winry. He literally could not leave the house without her before. And now it's Al, though at least Al doesn't throw a hissy fit if he doesn't get to go.
  
  Gods today has been so long. While Ed was gone he asked me to rearrange some stuff in our room which I gladly did. Then shortly after that he got home then the kids. I played the tiniest bit of FF7 Rebirth but then Ed got overwhelmed and anxious by something, maybe too many sounds from the kids. But yea he went upstairs to chill.
  
   Basically the rest of the day for me was spent managing Meara. I'd promised to make the pudding dessert with her today so we started that. But I realized we were missing an ingredient and I needed to go to Walmart to pick up some stuff for Ed so Meara and I went to Walmart. When we got back I got extra help from Kai unloading which was a little overwhelming. So I went upstairs to chill for a minute. Then downstairs to finish the pudding dessert. I started hitting a wall of no energy and messes took that to mean I was upset about her so she got upset so I had to comfort her as I got some coffee. Then we finished the dessert, popped it in the fridge and I went up to relax for s few minutes with my coffee. After maybe 20 minutes I came down to pop the pizza in the oven.  After that I got a shake for my dinner. Then sat next to Meara as she ate to make sure she ate. She ate 1.5 slices of pizza. Then I had to go get ready to take her to her first therapy session.
  
  Well I really fucked up. Drive all the way out to Nottingham with like 20 minutes to spare but the parking lot is empty. Start checking my appointment and realize that while I had found this therapist location they actually had multiple locations throughout the state and this therapist was actually in Annapolis, like 40 minutes away. No way weld make that in the 20 we had. Meara is having a meltdown over this. Im not sure what to do so I call the therapist office help line. They give me the therapists email and I email her to let her know what happened and ask to do virtual. She gets back and agrees. Meara is emotionally distraught and super nervous. Being virtual is not helping. This is why I wanted in person. When she gets nervous she get extremely quiet. It was hard enough hearing her sitting right next to her for me let alone what I imagine the therapist was getting. I sat with her for a little bit as they got started to handle all the setup but as they were moving into the more serious questions I stepped out of the car and sat on the ground in a cold and windy parking lot for like 20 minutes. Guess that was my meditation time. After a while Meara said the therapist wants to talk to me. She is extremely concerned with Meara. She apparently asked her about self harm and suicidal ideation and Meara said yes she's thought about it before. So apparently she fel extremely uncomfortable about that and wanted her to get evaluated at an emergency room. Then near can't back in as the therapist was still talking to me and right when the therapist said a line like "it would make me uncomfortable without getting her evaluated" which made Meara upset and she left the car to cry again. After I was done talking to the therapist mesrs came back in crying about how the therapist hated her because mesrs made her uncomfortable. I tried to tell her down and explain the situation. She went on about other issues and some of them were definitely flags. Maybe not red flags but like yellow maybe. And there were enough that it sounded not great but the most important thing was that mesrs was extremely uncomfortable with her. Do I let her know we could find someone else. She was resistant and just wanted to give up but I explained its fairly normal to try s few before you find someone who works. But yea the drive back was awkward but I think I built her back up and she seemed a bit better kind of just knocking the therapist the whole drive.
  
  Got home and it was bed time so sent her up to get ready for bed. Talked things over with Ed. And apparently mesrs was talking to Jack and I don't know what happened but she was like I made him upset and he shoved me off the bed and I hit my foot and it hurts. 
  
   I was finally able to sit down and watch the game for maybe 5 minutes when mesrs comes with a note. I didn't realize it was a not at first. She like went to give me a hug and it thought it was just s hug good night and then she, it felt like she pulled off something stuck to my hoodies sleeves but apparently it was the not in her hand that she handed me do I didn't realize at first. She went back to bed and I settled in to watch the game unaware of the situation brewing. Maybe five minutes later I'm hearing something and realize it's mesrs screaming for me. I go to her and she's extremely upset. She's angry at me for not coming when she gave the not. She's mad and saying I don't love her and she isn't doing therapy anymore and now she hates thanksgiving. I sit with her for forever and eventually get her into s slightly more calm state so I go to put the dogs up cause apparently no one did. Then I start doing the dishes to clean up so Ed will have s clean kitchen and has all the stuff he needs clean. And as I'm working on this mesrs comes out. She of course thinks I'm upset with her. I tell her I'm not. She can't sleep and so she ends up cleaning the kitchen counters while I do the dishes. Then I go up to bed and as I get out of using the restroom she's there thinking I'm upset with her again because I'd told her to go to bed. I comfort her again and then brush me teeth and get ready for bed with her watching. Thrn gdt in bed and try and take care of some stuff in the game. Apparently I didn't react when she snuggled up to me so that meant I was upset with her. I wasn't I just was focused and was fine either way with her snuggling or not. I co.fort her about that then she snuggled as I take care of the game. She plans out our day tomorrow. It's literally spending the entire day together and so is Friday. I'm so exhausted by this. Eventually at like 12:30 she finally says she'll roll over and try and get some sleep. This means I can finally type this up before getting sleep myself.
-