- Ok, trying out Logseq for journaling now, let's see how it goes. I feel like there's some useful features I might be able to take care of with tags and properties, maybe using some of their custom blocks and templates, maybe setup a section for workout and tie it to a workout board or something. I'll mess around with it at some point.
  
  But yea, I did manage to sleep all the way to my alarm which is always nice and not nice. Nice because I actually made it, and not nice because I probably would've slept more had I not had an alarm. But yea, if I didn't have to get out of bed to get the kids up I probably could've fallen back asleep. But instead I just lay there doing the game stuff. Then I decided to finally get started on the Portuguese practice. I'm doing Michel Thomas’s foundation which I've used previously for their French and German and found very helpful for building listening, speaking, and especially grammar and pronunciation skills. I really like how the first thing they teach you is common vocabulary or as it terms out in Portuguese: vocabulário comum. But I also forgot how long this audio lessons are. Especially with all the pausing you do as you translate. So I started at like 7:45 or so and was barely over halfway through the first lesson when I had to hurry and get ready for therapy. One thing it doesn't help with is reading and writing since it's all audio so I had to look up the spelling of that. So to round it out I have Anki flash cards to practice reading writing and boost my vocabulary, but I need to work on those later.
  
  Therapy, I think this is the most I've talked in therapy before. I talked about Meara and the issues she's been having, that we've been able to convince her to go to a therapist, how helpful Ed was with her. About the stress of work and the ever ongoing winry issue should hopefully be ending at some point in the future. Oh and about Thanksgiving plans and how Thanksgiving always ends up super stressful for me in the kitchen. Usually Ed handles most of the cooking but like last year he had to be out due to pain partway through and I took over to finish things but get stressed about trying to finish everything on time. Hopefully it'll go better this year.
  
  After therapy I went home to pick up Ed to go grocery shopping. We usually do it Tuesdays so he'll do it while I'm in therapy, but he wanted to take care of a few things and plan out the thanksgiving menu so I picked him up and he had a cinnamon roll waiting for me. 🤤 it was so good.
  
  Then we went out got dunks, dropped off a drink and a cinnamon roll with Al at work and then went to Wegmans. It was really nice going to the store with Ed. Felt like it had been years since we'd gone grocery shopping together.
  
  Then we got back and shortly after that the kids got home. Once again felt like I'd accomplished nothing. Around 4 Meara came and asked to go to the harbor so I took her there after I finished setting up a git sync for Logseq so I'd be able to mess with it on my phone and sync with my laptop.
  
  After we got back I made her a grilled cheese. Was also gonna make one for the other two but they were in the middle of helping themselves to food so I just let them know that's their dinner, cause it was like 5:30. And I made myself a protein shake cause I realized I accidentally forgot about lunch between therapy and grocery shopping.
  
  Spent the rest of the evening dealing with a game event. That thing is such a massive time sink. Ugh. And at 9:30 Meara shows up with yet another letter. I'm getting so tired of this. Every. Single. Fucking. Night. I literally don't get evenings to myself any more. She talks to me non-fucking-stop. I don't fucking know what to do, I just try and provide comfort but like it just seems more like she's sad because she's alone. But she was like here's my new Christmas list (only had 2 items on it) I didn't deserve anything else. Ugh. Just tell me what you want I'll get it. But yea, I was with her till like 10:15 or so. She eventually told me she lied and didn't eat the grilled cheese. Maybe I should sit in the same room with her when she eats, but she gave it to Kai I guess. Hhhhh. But she thought I'd be mad at her. I keep teeling her I'm not mad about it. Worried, yes, but not mad. She eventually had ice cream. All she'll eat. Cannot be healthy but probably better than nothing at all.
  
  Then I FINALLY got a chance to get some food but it was so fucking late I didn't want to use the blender so I just had leftover sesame beef and quick cooked some soba noodles. It was delicious, but slightly put me over my calorie goal. Only by like 100 calories, but still enough to be in the diet range. I mean it's gonna be out the window come Thanksgiving, but I'm trying my best to get down to 150. So close. Just 2.5 more pounds to go. But yea, oh and Meara was like afraid she was asking for too much stuff, and apparently fucking Jack called her the favorite child and a spoiled brat because I've been trying to do some things to cheer her up a bit. Like fucking c'mon, he's such a fucking asshole, but Meara eats that up and takes it to heart. Ugh. But yea, she wanted to ask if we could maybe get something to eat at the mall when I take her to hot topic to pick something out over the break. And like, she's so afraid to ask for fucking anything for fear of being too much. Worst case I'll say no, not right now or the dreaded maybe/we'll see.
  
  But yea after eating I just got ready for bed and did my meditation and then watched a little anime.
	-